then the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron
take a census of the sons of Kohath from
among the children of Levi by their
families by their father's house from 30
years old and above even 250 years old
all who entered the service to do the
work in the tabernacle of meeting this
is the service of the sons of Kohath in
the tabernacle of meeting relating to
the most holy things when the camp
prepares to journey Aaron and his sons
shall come and they shall take down the
covering veil and cover the Ark of the
testimony with it then they shall put on
it a covering of badger skins and spread
over that a cloth entirely of blue and
they shall insert his poles on the table
of showbread they shall spread a blue
cloth and put on it the dishes the pans
the bowls and the pitchers for pouring
and the showbread
shall be honored they shall spread over
them a scarlet cloth and cover the same
with a covering of badger skins and they
shall insert its poles and they shall
take a blue cloth and cover the
lampstand of the light with its lamps
it's with trimmers it's trays and all
its oil vessels with which they service
it then they shall put it with all its
utensils in a covering of badger skins
and put it on a carrying beam over the
golden altar they shall spread a blue
cloth and cover it with a covering of
badger skins and they shall insert its
poles then they shall take all the
utensils of service with which they
minister in the sanctuary put them in a
blue cloth cover them with a covering of
badger skins and put them on a carrying
beam
also they shall take away the ashes from
the altar and spread a purple cloth over
it they shall put on it all its
implements with which they minister them
the fire pans the forks the shovels the
basins and all the utensils of the altar
and they shall spread on it a covering
of badger skins and insert its poles and
when Aaron and his sons have finished
covering the sanctuary and all the
furnishings of the century when the camp
is set to go then the sons of Kohath
shall come to carry them but they shall
not touch any holy thing lest they die
these are the things in the tabernacle
of meeting which the sons of Kohath are
to carry the appointed duty of Eleazar
the son of Aaron the priest is the oil
for the light the sweet incense the
daily grain offering the anointing oil
the oversight of all the tabernacle of
all that is in it with the sanctuary and
it's furnishings do not cut off the
tribe of the families of the kohathites
from among the Levites but do this in
regard to them that they may live and
not die when they approach the most holy
things Aaron and his sons shall go in
and appoint each of them to his service
and his task but they shall not go in to
watch while the holy things are being
covered lest they die member Lord spoke
to Moses also take a census of the sons
of Gershom by their father's house by
their families from 30 years old and
above even 250 years old you shall
number them all who enter to perform the
service to do the work in the tabernacle
of meeting this is the service of the
families of the
nights in serving and carrying they
shall carry the curtains of the
tabernacle and the tabernacle of meeting
with its covering the covering of badger
skins that is on it the screen for the
door of the tabernacle of meeting the
screen for the door of the gate of the
court the hangings of the court which
are around the tabernacle and altar and
their cause all the furnishings for
their service and all that is made for
these things so shall they serve Aaron
and his sons shall assign all the
service of the sons of the gershonites
all their tasks and all their service
and you shall appoint to them all their
tasks as their duty this is the service
of the families of the sons of gushin in
the tabernacle of meeting and their
duties shall be under the authority of
ethem are the son of Aaron the priest as
for the sons of mere a ride you shall
number them by their families and by
their father's house from 30 years old
and above even 250 years old you shall
number them everyone who enters the
service to do the work of the tabernacle
of meeting and this is what they must
carry as all their service for the
tabernacle of meeting the boards of the
tabernacle its bars its pillars its
sockets and the pillars around the court
with their sockets pegs and cords with
all their furnishings and all their
service and you shall assign to each man
by name the items he must carry
this is the service of the families of
the sons of Merari as all their service
for the tabernacle of meeting under the
authority of ether ma the son of Aaron
the priest and Moses and Aaron and the
leaders of the congregation numbered the
sons of the kohathites by their families
and by their father's house from 30
years old and above even 250 years old
everyone who entered the service for
work in the tabernacle of meeting and
those who are numbered by their families
were 2750 these were the ones who were
numbered of the families of the
kohathites
all who might serve in the tabernacle of
meeting whom Moses and Aaron numbered
according to the commandment of the Lord
by the hand of Moses and those who were
numbered of the sons of Gershon by their
families and by their father's house
from 30 years old and above even 250
years old everyone who entered the
service for work in the tabernacle of
meeting those who are numbered by their
families by their father's house were
2630 these are the ones who were
numbered of the families of the sons of
Gershon of all who might serve in the
tabernacle of meeting whom Moses and
Aaron numbered according to the
commandment of the law those are the
families of the sons of Merari who were
numbered by their families by their
father's house from 30 years old and
above even 250 years old everyone who
entered the service for work in the
tabernacle of meeting those who were
numbered by their families were 3200
these are the ones who were numbered of
the families of the sons of Merari whom
Moses and Aaron numbered according to
the word of the Lord by the hand of
Moses all who are numbered of the
Levites whom Moses Aaron and the leaders
of Israel numbered by their families and
by their fathers houses
thirty years old and above even 250
years old everyone who came to do the
work of service and the work of bearing
burdens in the tabernacle of meeting
those who are numbered were eight
thousand five hundred and eighty
according to the commandment of the Lord
they were numbered by the hand of Moses
each according to his service and
according to his task thus were they
numbered by him as the LORD commanded
Moses